I found as I gained friends over the years, I really enjoyed support them in their passions. When I was in school, this took the form of cheering on classmates in their various sporting events or attending music recitals and performances. As an adult this has translated into encouraging my friends and family to reach their goals or explore their hobbies. But whatever it is, I ultimately found that seeing my friends and family succeed brought me great joy.


In the chapter “Believe in Yourself,” I talked about how my parents taught me how to believe in who I was. This easily translates into helping others believe in themselves as well. As I would begin supporting others in their passions, they begin to believe in themselves as well. This overall positive attitude towards each other can certainly lead to a perpetual flow of energy that will truly help each other find great success in life.


Take this book, for example. It all began with some encouraging social media posts I started writing after the most difficult year of my life. Nigh, the most difficult year in most lives! I would inject positive vibes into the feeds of hundreds of people to help motivate them in their pursuit of happiness each day. Their responses gave me such a positive attitude I was able to begin replying to their other social media posts to encourage them in all sorts of other aspects of their lives. And in turn, their appreciation of my good vibes being pushed out into their world ultimately led to me writing this book.


Negativity can be a powerful thing. But I honestly believe that positivity can be equally, if not more, powerful when applied in this manner. It is incredibly easy to feed off negative energy and emotion. Indeed, that is obvious when you turn on the news and most of it is about the horrible things happening all over the world. On the other hand, I find it just as incredibly easy to feed off positive energy and emotion.


The only truly difficult part is knowing where to start. I’m here to tell you that it all begins with believing in yourself and others. That may sound like a daunting task. And for some it really is. I would encourage you to start with finding someone who is working hard at meeting a certain goal and be their biggest cheerleader. I can almost guarantee that person will not only appreciate you for it, but they will also grow from that positive vibe you are pouring into them. And as they succeed in accomplishing their goal, you will feel a sense of pleasure from how much you believed in them.


After that, do it again! And then do it again. Never stop believing in others. Allow yourself to become a super fan for all those around you. Not everyone will return the favor. However, there will be enough of those people believing in you as well. This positivity flow will grow each person in ways not previously imagined. This has worked out well in my own life. So much so that I don’t always have to be positive at every moment. I still have my moments of weakness when negativity creeps in. But due to believing in others and pouring positivity into them, there is usually someone there to pick me back up and believe in me too!